Fixed #33264 -- Made test runner return non-zero error code for unexpected successes. (#15060)
django/django: docs/releases/4.1.txt

Miscellaneous
-------------

> * The :djadmin:`test` command returns a non-zero error code for unexpected
>   successes (passing tests marked with :py:func:`unittest.expectedFailure`).
>   Prior to this change, the output would be marked as "FAILED" but the error
>   code was zero, indicating a success.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Django test runner now returns returns a non-zero error code for unexpected
  successes from tests marked with :py:func:`unittest.expectedFailure`
  decorator.
```

Author: I added a "The" at the beginning of the sentence, removed the "returns" that was there twice, and removed the word "decorator" (I figured people either know what `expectedFailure` is or they can click the link and learn that it's normally used as a decorator).
